---
layout: post
title: Episode 14
excerpt_separator: <!--more-->
---
The first episode of the new year contains samples from the body of work of MF DOOM, as well as some other goodies. RIP MF DOOM and good riddance to the year 2020.
<iframe width="100%" height="300" scrolling="no" frameborder="no" allow="autoplay" src="https://w.soundcloud.com/player/?url=https%3A//api.soundcloud.com/tracks/958431385&color=%23ff5500&auto_play=false&hide_related=false&show_comments=true&show_user=true&show_reposts=false&show_teaser=true&visual=true"></iframe><div style="font-size: 10px; color: #cccccc;line-break: anywhere;word-break: normal;overflow: hidden;white-space: nowrap;text-overflow: ellipsis; font-family: Interstate,Lucida Grande,Lucida Sans Unicode,Lucida Sans,Garuda,Verdana,Tahoma,sans-serif;font-weight: 100;"><a href="https://soundcloud.com/onlyjamsradio" title="OnlyJams" target="_blank" style="color: #cccccc; text-decoration: none;">OnlyJams</a> · <a href="https://soundcloud.com/onlyjamsradio/episode-14" title="Episode #14" target="_blank" style="color: #cccccc; text-decoration: none;">Episode #14</a></div>
<!--more-->

Tracklist

1. The Doobie Brothers - What A Fool Believes
    * sampled in madrake (Special Herbs Vol. 7&8) Bouncy up beat classic rock/r&b tune. - **Tio Xans**
2. Boz Scaggs - Low Down 
    * A smooth chilled out jammer by Bozz Scaggs which was sampled in Black Snake Roots the Special Herbs beat tape. - **teej**
3. Foxy - Madamoiselle
    * sampled in coriander (Special Herbs Vol. 1) Ultra funky disco groove - **Tio Xans**
4. Osmar Milito - America Latina
    * An upbeat brazilian tune from Osmar Milito sampled in Madvillain's Raid.- **teej**
5. Mahmakhan - Happy You Should Be
    * Sampled in vomitspit (MM..Food?) Upbeat & positive yet not at the same time psych rock track about breakin up - **Tio Xans**
6. Atlantic Starr - Second To None
    * Sampled on Madvillain's Bistro. Soulful lover tune from Atlantic Starr - **teej**
7. Jon Lucien - Maiden Voyage
    * Sampled in eucalyptus (Special Herbs Vol. 2) Mega romantic soul tune  - **Tio Xans**
8. Caldera - Out of the Blue
    * Mellow jazz-funk record sampled on MF Doom's Deep Fried Frenz. - **teej**
9. The Deele - Shoot Em Up Movies
    * Poppy Electrofunk banger via Duke Bootee productions - **Tio Xans**
10. Kevin McCord - When The Night Comes
    * Sexy tune that was re-issued in 2020 from Backatcha records. A must have in the record bag. - **teej**
11. Sade - Kiss Of Life
    * sampled on doomsday from (Operation DoomsDay) Upbeat classic by the queen of smooth - **Tio Xans**
12. Anne Mie Gils - Goed Om Te Weten (Smooth Operator)
    * Belgian cover of Sade's smooth operator - **teej**
13. Cortex - Huit Octobre
    * sampled in one beer (MM..Food?) Jazzy bossa nova gem - **Tio Xans**
